okay good morning afternoon or evening
everybody and welcome to the ipfs
dachshund developer user experience
working group this is our weekly meeting
you can follow along in the notes which
are available all the information about
this meeting is available either if
you're watching this on youtube after
the fact in the YouTube video
information or you can visit the docs
repo at github.com slash ipfs slash docs
for more information this meeting is led
according to reporting our progress on
our ok our so we're going to go ahead
and walk through one by one those ok
ours as they appear in the notes
document everybody in the collier in the
notes document cool right yeah good
alright we are missing some folks this
week due to a number of things we have
American Thanksgiving this week and as
such our internal huddle and Thursday
and I propose that we cancel that and we
see everybody here in this space on
Monday awesome I am on vacation on
Monday but I will I will make this
meeting anyway so
additionally we did looking through
these debts please keep in mind that it
looks like we didn't get a whole lot
done and we didn't get a whole lot done
because a few of us had the chance to
gather in person and get some user
testing done over the last week which
was splendid but that does require
travel times and so it does look as
though we've been moving a little bit
more slowly than usual I asked everybody
on this call please add themselves as a
participant and I can go ahead as we do
that and continue to walk through our
agenda obviously the biggest recurring
item our agenda is the Ducks FINA launch
we got a lot of that in the last week
with user testing that is fantastic I
will not lie we are considerably behind
on our ability to ship by the end of the
year and we're gonna have to scramble
really hard to be able to do that you
know while the biggest blocker to that
is addressing the API guest hosting
issue which Chris is there
that is his primary responsibility over
the next three weeks we do have a large
number of issues that are still
outstanding if you click on the link for
epic 1a you'll see what those are you
know we don't have to achieve all of
those but in order to actually launch
effectively we're gonna have to add the
new content here stubs I'll link to all
these issues I didn't have time to do
that yet but I'll make all the issues in
the notes the no content here stubs need
to be fixed the back and forth linking
between the legacy site and the beta
site is going to need to be implemented
I am responsible for the socialization
and communications plan we need to
implement is this helpful mechanism on
the video site that exists on the legacy
site and will need to offer people a way
to get to the features running in at
least a bare-bones way I knew we'd
intended to eventually integrate that
more firmly using candy but um you know
that that really doesn't seem probable
at this point so we need to figure out
another way to actually get that
implemented in a way that folks can see
um that to me it was a quick look
through our issue queue is sort of like
the minimum of the things that we're
gonna have to get done in the next three
weeks keeping in mind that the quarter
closes early due to winter holidays yeah
so I mean quite frankly we're gonna have
to scramble really really hard and let's
keep talking amongst ourselves outside
the confines of this meetings or Lea and
Chris's office travel about a way to get
this done in time so you know not to not
to put the fear of God and in anyone
other than myself but I'm just trying to
be extremely realistic about that and if
we want to ship this by the end of the
year we got a lot to do so um
carrying on recurring I know legacy
ducks er deprecation plan we're
continuing to work along this as we go
along that lips in 308 as you think if
things please continue to add them to
308 and well we'll call it this as we go
along
um metrics definition in collection for
me to say that was on hold until Johnny
got on boarded he is and now that we're
all one sprawl back from our travels
you know I want to check in with Chris
and with Johnny on
onion that started recurring I have an
epic to be the betta site is this
helpful feedback mechanism as is before
this is ready a toship writing implement
um and we just need to get that
implemented usability testing we did
great usability testing I don't know
Eric if you want to do you want to go
into more detail about that since
otherwise I'm gonna be doing all the
talking here yeah sure we we we did a
share of our work in progress view pass
view press built Doc's website and it
reflects all reflected a lot of you know
a lot of backs and fourths and previous
testing with ipfs users like yourselves
our viewers and evolution significant
parts significantly the the the
navigation is a little overwhelming in
our current dockside and we've tried to
distill that down into you know really a
much better organized much easier to to
iraq collection of information and we we
brought the results of all those
distilled them into what we think is
what we thought was a pretty close to
ready for primetime kind of good enough
to for people to click on around in
state to that in front of a lot of our
colleagues synchronously and and it was
a little bit different than the
traditional usability testing motif
where okay here's here's me here's you
and here's someone taking notes and you
know very clinical and and very scripted
but you know serendipity can really take
over sometimes in in the in a group
environment particularly when we have
you know that this rapid for me to
interact among expert you know with
experts in this specific product and so
yeah we we got really good feedback and
notes I will shout out huge to Jessica
who not only was always engaged in in
guiding the discussion but also took
these notes as well as Chris wearing I
believe and I seem to have lost the
notes that Johnny and Chris took so
Eridani you've got those let me know I'm
trying to ping them but I know they're
both on the road let me let me search
from now but you know long story short
translating those into probably just
doing them into an issue yeah check box
form all right
futures voting this is same pay the same
same stages before we've got the public
facing voting page we had thought about
doing some deeper canny integration 3b
don't launch that's probably looking to
be a little bit optimistic but the fact
is it's keyed up and ready to go at
least on a standalone page which is
awesome you can system audit sorry I
threw that in there we did make and for
the purposes of this call as we didn't
ever mid-quarter evaluation we didn't
remove that because system caught it
from our okay ours for this quarter the
intent is to hopefully make that up in
q1 but watch that space and I welcome
any feedback from anybody who may have
it was an issue in prioritization and as
a priority to a PC wish you know
unfortunately it's one of the things
that were gonna have to push recurring
item content improvement user driven or
legacy we closed five issues since our
last meeting two weeks ago it has been
slow because of travel and in person
discussion time and user testing expects
a bit of me return to the normal cadence
next time however we're gonna have to
scramble or none launched before the end
of the year so that is a blocker to
getting the content issues done and
Noble Locker as it is so do expect sort
of a slower pace between now the end of
the
Johnny's content close reading audit he
took a stab at this last week I have
seen the beginnings of his report but he
still needs to capture that in the issue
I want to see if I can't get a hold of
him and see if maybe that can get down
this week so that we can all benefit
from his recommendations and then
vertical updates Terry and Jalen yeah
you like how if we leave Jill to keep
working for a week while the rest of us
get distracted thing to actually keep
happening I mean yeah although I noticed
that we've been away for a couple of
weeks so we have a lot of updates as a
result of that so Jill finished up the
regular files API tutorial which is
amazing it's really awesome to have some
new content out the door and he's also
been starting to take a look at other
like alternative platforms just in case
there's something out there that would
support what we're doing that's already
kind of fully featured and customizable
enough to work we're just trying to
cross that one off the list before we
keep adding features the current site so
Jill's deep in that if anyone has ideas
on platforms that might work that way
please add them to the issue that you
see listed there and then we've done a
lot on the front of applying ipfs camp
content to proto school and Johnny will
take some of these same things that we
call it later and see where they'll feel
well in the documentation but things
we've done include adding core course a
which is the understanding how ipfs
works with files - a lot of the
resources pages across the site I also
incorporated the CID inspector that
Allen belts and introduced that ipfs
camp so now if the results of the the
code challenge is a CID in addition to
the view and I peeled the Explorer you
now have a view in CID inspector button
that you can use and then we've also
been going through the various courses
so just looking at the elective ones a
couple of the core ones we've already
looked at but we're still just cranking
through the list trying to jot down all
of the ideas we have for applying
content so this issue 261 if anyone has
ideas please feel free that's open for
anyone to add those ideas to and then
once we get that
elected we'll go back and start knocking
off somewhere those so we're partway on
collecting ideas part way I'm making the
plan and we're partway on executing on
the plan we're just gonna turn in side
by side at the moment so that's that's
the book of what we have anything I
missed Joe no I think that's it cool
this is a quick meeting I think you know
we're all sort of catching up and we
have also got and we've also got and
we've outside I just dropped something
and we've also got to prioritize so this
is a quick meeting cuz we're all we're
all recovering from travel and so on so
forth we've also got American
Thanksgiving to deal with but we've got
sort of three more weeks I propose that
we have a second meeting a longer
meeting on this like maybe next Tuesday
to really take a hard look at the launch
schedule and where we're gonna be for
that and actually prioritize and triage
those and figure out exactly what do you
think each of us is going to be spending
the next three weeks of our work on um
so I will get that on everybody's books
students if people have thoughts I'm not
I mean I hate to be dragged but um do
people have do people have thoughts on
that because we are entering our crunch
time and I want to make sure that we do
this in like the most positive and
proactive way I'm fine with chatting on
that I may be up next Monday but that
first yeah I have a feeling a couple of
us are in travel for American
Thanksgiving on Monday so I would
suggest that we have that meeting maybe
next Tuesday and we'll groom will groom
the board I will prioritize every single
piece of it in the meantime I do ask
that that we we do have a lot of
catch-up to do and that before those of
us who are leaving for the holidays over
over this week let's please make sure
that we communicate very clearly
everything that we're working on capture
everything in issues you know we were
we've been scrambling so much the last
fortnight that a lot of things didn't
get captured your github and as a lot of
us are sort of just personally coming
back together as things be panicked for
the end of your holiday that's more
important than ever that we keep things
captured then the issues themselves so
I'm going to actually go ahead and pause
the recording I have a couple of
administrative issues that we should
probably check through after that but
does anybody else have anything that we
want to add to the recording before we
capture this for eternity Johnny do you
have a link to those notes from our user
usability testing session notes are
there just locally on my computer I'm
sorry I'll join lay up by the way
everyone I didn't have the event in my
calendar so I thought it got cancelled
and then it was like yo worry no I will
upload those to MD and we can they're
all the very each of that very verbatim
so all the notes that I have it just
pretty much word-for-word what people
were saying I'm not kind of categorized
everything but maybe we can all read
through and kind of like figure out the
main points that we got from the testing
okay I just sent you a link to the notes
that exists so far if you can Adam did
that one that would be awesome
that y'all do don't know them great okay
I'm gonna go ahead and pause the
recording thank you to everybody out
there in the internet world who maybe
may be listening or watching after the
fact we shall see use same bat-time same
bat-channel next week thank you very
much